docs: rename public docs (#85)
ETOSPHERES-Labs/etopay-sdk: sdk/docs/Installing the SDK/Swift.md

let package = Package(
    name: "program",
    dependencies: [

>         .package(url: "https://gitlab.inovel.de/zd0006/etopay-swift", from: "0.0.1")

Reviewer: This should actually be
```suggestion
        .package(url: "https://github.com/ETOSPHERES-Labs/etopay-sdk-swift", from: "0.0.1")
```

    ],
    targets: [
        .executableTarget(
            name: "main",
            dependencies: [
                .product(name: "ETOPaySdk", package: "etopay-swift")
            ]),
    ]
)
```

The `ETOPaySdk` module will then be available for import in your project.

## Using ETOPay with XCode

> In XCode, go to _File -> Add Package Dependencies_. In the top right search box, enter the url of the GitLab repository (`https://gitlab.inovel.de/zd0006/etopay-swift`) and select the ETOPay SDK when it appears in the list. Select _Add Package_ and follow the on-screen instructions.

Reviewer: Same here
```suggestion
In XCode, go to _File -> Add Package Dependencies_. In the top right search box, enter the url of the GitLab repository (`https://github.com/ETOSPHERES-Labs/etopay-sdk-swift`) and select the ETOPay SDK when it appears in the list. Select _Add Package_ and follow the on-screen instructions.
```
